like your chili chips can you tell I've
done knows before the great thing about
the sauce is that lovely flavor the Tom
Crowl which has come through there a
rich mushroom which is great with the
steak Sarah main course okay you're
happy let's move you make or
submissively your dessert nothing wrong
with this at all but it's not
demonstrating much culinary know-how is
it Tobias enjoys away there's enough
brandy in there to get half a battleship
drunk there are science here that you've
got the foundations of a very decent
cook I think I can experiment a little
bit I have while I've been practicing
for MasterChef I think passing it you
know a little bit here and there but on
the whole I stick to what I know best
ambitious Linda has used more
ingredients than anyone else she's made
beef and spinach salad on a potato rosti
and breaded squid served on beans with
tomato and time with goat cheese and a
chili dip on the side is there an
ingredient you didn't use no I watched
you cooking the squid and I thought this
lady knows what she's doing all right
and then as I look round we had cheese
on here beans and red currants and a
sprig of thyme what's happened I think
the way you cook is brilliantly up and
the way you're putting stuff together is
bordering on the ridiculous
Oh God you've squared is cooked to
perfection and this is why I'm going on
like I am because I've never seen
anybody snatch defeat out the jaws of
victory and quiet the way that you have
today well the beans are good the goats
choose atrocious moving on to your main
we've got exactly the same problem going
on again well it looks pretty you know
I'm kind of a decorator ant and that's
what I've been doing a bit bang on
you obviously know how to handle
ingredients you've got to learn really
quickly how to construct a plate of food
everything kept got I know what to do
with this uh-huh I'll do that and then
oh I'll do that and then I've got times
that yeah yeah I'll do that and you know
is just like some kind of a no party bag
going on everything in there
Charlie was a bag of nerves during
cooking
so she opted for simple classics steak
and chips with a tomato salad
followed by fruit with cream and
amaretti biscuits the problem we've got
charlie is that it's master chef we have
a classic dish which has to be done
perfectly for it to be right with the
plane I think we have a plate of nervous
food yes why did you say there was
Charlie because I'm not longer used to
cooking under time pressure an overload
of people with a camera right they rule
they're raw
so we now I've got a problem Charlie if
you can't cover chip hmm I think you do
cook I think out the three of you you've
suffered with the most nerves mm-hmm how
about dessert mm-hmm here we go yep it's
berries and biscuits and brandy and
crane yep Torres give her those nerves
okay okay
show us what you're all about I calmed
down a bit once I got things happening
but I was really nervous of what was
going on and I just my mind went blank I
just look to everything
that was like your let's go oh my god it
was worse than school
you